Meeting 11/13/2023

Attendence:
Adrin, Liam, & Callie and 2 MEs
Absent: Conor

New Gantt Chart
Now:
Chassis - Callie & Caz
Drive Train - Conor & Adrin
Adrin Calculate Motors - if reasonable for motors that come with it, that is Chassis design. If not, that is DriveTrain
Time is crunched. 
Friday Due date for all subsystems except Microcontroller, Power, and DriveTrain
Chassis due Wednesday
Spirit, nav, button, and box sweep signed off by friday
Caz will change start Sensor stuff when chassis design is done
Ordering all components at once. 

Estop Button can be recycled from Start sensor???

Catme - Due
Training - Due
Github clean up - Thanksgiving Break
Do reviews for extra credit

MEs- EEs had to do a premade chassis
Finish Board


Meeting 11/15/2023
All and Liam Online

Back end susptacptable to fall off crater

Caz Didnt realize there is no gear ratio, I think Callie understood what roberts wants

Be careful of the nav hitting the ground up heal

Taking RPM of big gear, calculating speed 
Speed of big gear is speed of 
Is tread going to slow us down or amount of torque input
How will we find a motor to work with it.

We only get 2 motors instead of 4, motors need to be twice as strong. 
We need to prove downside of tracks and how we will overcome it. 

Torque of a pulley system, the length of tract doesnt chang e anything, just down force. 

Depend on Rest intera which is higher for a track system. 

Are we making a decision to where we cant find a motor? Wheel v track, twice the torque, or more????

research upper bound for space needed, be fairly certain and high certainty, poke holes and see where it fails. 

Roberts needs us to get to assume the motor will work and compare how it works with a wheel and track and the difference isn't going to kill us. 
How much bigger does the Motors need to be with the track vs motors with same motor. 

4mm shaft

Once Chassis deadline, gantt chart dates are more interanl vs external, team reviews instead of Roberts reviews.

Poking holes to make this better. 
